---
layout: default
head.title: Douglas Silva
description: My minimalist space to share my thoughts and notes.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/me-2.jpg'
---
#title
Hello, I'm Doug.
#description
- Software Engenier, currently working at Nubank 
- Graduated in Computer Engineering at [FIAP](https://www.fiap.com.br/)
- Outside of work, I'm an enthusiast of Muay Thai and basketball, which I enjoy practicing in my spare time.
::

Hello, I'm Douglas, and ever since I had my first encounter with a computer, a question has lingered in my mind: how on earth does all of this work?

And thus began a quest to unravel this mystery. From basic computer courses, computer maintenance, computer network technician, to eventually becoming a computer engineer.

I've had the opportunity to witness the evolution of several technologies, had the pleasure of working on some of them as they evolved, and seen others fade into obscurity. So, over these 12 years, I managed to learn a bit about various areas. But one of them captured my attention the most: software. How do they come into existence? How do they grow? How do they reproduce? How are they created?

And that's why I decided to create this blog. Here, I intend to share not only the knowledge I've gained throughout this incredible journey but also the daily discoveries and learnings that continue to captivate me in the field of software development. If you're someone who shares this passion for unraveling the secrets of technology, you're in the right place. Let's explore this world together.